a quick for warden for today's episode
where do I begin so yesterday no the
dead before yesterday me and Jack filmed
a short film for the channel it's a
sequel to the secrets film you can check
both out in the link in the description
so yeah we made a sequel to the film
that we already had anywhere I've been
to hell and back trying to get that
video to a blood which is finally doing
right now but for some reason Final Cut
Pro my editing software just wouldn't
let me export it kept on saying error
101 cannot be it was absolute nightmare
and it got a bit ugly I'm not gonna lie
so yeah and if I'm not my usual chipper
self in this in this vlog it's because I
am drained emotionally and physically so
yeah and without further ado here's you
regularly scheduled vlog the
kokokokokokok coca-cola truck is coming
to scabra today mmm it doesn't look
particularly Kristen inside and on
you're gonna love our our town centres
Christmas lights but anyway I look about
that the coca-cola truck is coming to
town and we're gonna try and get festive
and we're gonna try and forget about any
mishaps or the computer that may or may
not have occurred last night and that's
secretly crusher so we're gonna forget
about all that and enjoy ourselves today
we're just picking up a manner
I think you might feel a bit less
Christmas you when you see our lights in
town thing is I think the only light
subscriber council enjoy growing up with
traffic lights the thing about Christmas
shopping is I can't really blog too much
about it because I'm pretty sure my
family watch these vlogs so I don't
exactly want to tell them why I'm
getting them but rest assured I'm trying
to get ideas it's tough no idea at the
moment it's a bit DAC and out so I'm
hoping that the Christmas lights will
look slightly less ravishing than they
did earlier
hey good as we can help
I'm going to be in it it's all right
patty in the morning from oh hello like
the coast radio actually just by
Christmas EV for something oh yeah
alright cool hopefully it's good innit
ok see ya p so we all feeling festive
yet Oh is so so cold I think I need some
release from my hands yeah is this
deicer like antifreeze haha
[Music]